i have created our team (CIM) intranet website. Also helping to create the team Sharepoint 2010 website. 

Using VBA i have developed solutions to problems in Excel and Access, which has helped to reduce time taken on each task in question.

UK billing specialist for the Unilever contract, i have been involved with the UK billing for Unilever and a number of other UK based contracts for 7 years.  Where i have provided support and solutions to process changes. 

Providing training for new team members brought in to support the UK billing, and creating training documents to help these new people understand the complex nature of some services.  These training documents are being revised with the possibilty of providing them online via Sharepoint for all new team members.

One of my first roles with the UK billing was dealing with the Audio Conferencing data for Unilever.  This has become very complex over the last two years, and from my findings has meant a complete redesign of how we process the data for our customer.  Which meant analysing the process from ordering new accounts, booking conferences, cancellation of accounts and billing, this in turn has lead to redevelopments and changes to not only our processes but also the customers.

Keen amature photographer, after completing two 6 month courses (basic and advanced) over the last two years.  I am now thinking about specialising in a particular area ie; Macro or Landscape.  A selection of photos are available to view on my personal Sharepoint site. 

Learnt to snowboard a couple of years ago, as this is something i have been meaning to do for about 10 years, am yet to go abroad and try out my skills on the piste.  But have been out on the hills near where i live (in West Yorkshire) during the recent snow in Jan and Dec 2010.

I gained a BA in Music Production in 2003, where i developed my skills and passion for songwriting.  I play Guitar & Keyboards, and still write songs now & then but this is mostly for relaxation.  I did produce and release 3 albums between 2003 and 2007 but they did not break into the mainstream. 

 

 

  

 
